[Do Not Merge]: Cassandra Connect Support (#5952)
hashicorp/boundary: CHANGELOG.md

  connection parameters and credentials.
* Adds support to parse User-Agent headers and emit them in telemetry events
  ([PR](https://github.com/hashicorp/boundary/pull/5645)).
* cli: Added `boundary connect cassandra` command for connecting to Cassandra targets.
  This new helper command allows users to authorize sessions against Cassandra 
  targets and automatically invoke a Cassandra client with the appropriate 

>   connection parameters and credentials. Currently only supports `PasswordAuthenticator`.

Reviewer: What is `PasswordAuthenticator`? Is it a Cassandra thing? I might just drop it and say
```suggestion
  connection parameters and credentials. Currently only username/password credentials are automatically attached.
```

Author: Additionally I don't believe that `cassandraConfig` is used outside the `infra` package. I'll go ahead and update this to not export it.
